docs: proper setup to enable "Exclude Objects" (#772)
fluidd-core/fluidd: docs/features/gcode_viewer.md

Excluded objects will be marked in red, the currently printing object in blue, and all
other objects in green.

For this feature to work you need to:
- Turn on `Label Objects` in your slicer.

> - Add an `[exclude_object]` section to your printer.cfg or fluidd.cfg file.

Reviewer: The fluidd.cfg file contains just the "basics" required by Fluidd to work and nothing else, so I don't think we should add anything else, regardless of impact (if not, why not also add `gcode_arcs`, `sdcard_loop`, ... ?)

Let's leave it out of the basics! 🙂

Excluded objects will be marked in red, the currently printing object in blue, and all
other objects in green.

For this feature to work you need to:
- Turn on `Label Objects` in your slicer.
- Add an `[exclude_object]` section to your printer.cfg or fluidd.cfg file.

> - Add a a line `enable_object_processing: True` to your mooraker.conf `[file_manager]` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `enable_object_processing: True` to the `[file_manager]` section in your moonraker.conf file.
```
